Add metadata API (#882)
measuredco/puck: apps/docs/pages/docs/api-reference/components/render.mdx

## Props

| Param                   | Example                      | Type                                     | Status   |
| ----------------------- | ---------------------------- | ---------------------------------------- | -------- |
| [`config`](#config)     | `config: { components: {} }` | [Config](/docs/api-reference/config)     | Required |
| [`data`](#data)         | `data: {}`                   | [Data](/docs/api-reference/data)         | Required |

> | [`metadata`](#metadata) | `metadata: {}`               | [Metadata](/docs/api-reference/metadata) | Optional |

Reviewer: Optional status is denoted by `-`

```suggestion
| [`metadata`](#metadata) | `metadata: {}`               | [Metadata](/docs/api-reference/metadata) | - |
```

  );
}
```

### `metadata`

> Global metadata to be used in conjunction with data to render against the provided config. See the [`Metadata` docs](/docs/api-reference/metadata) for a full reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provide additional data to the [`puck.metadata`](/docs/api-reference/configuration/component-config#puckmetadata) render prop provided to all components.
```
